```

            ███╗   ███╗ █████╗ ██████╗ ██╗   ██╗██╗███╗   ██╗
            ████╗ ████║██╔══██╗██╔══██╗██║   ██║██║████╗  ██║
            ██╔████╔██║███████║██████╔╝██║   ██║██║██╔██╗ ██║
            ██║╚██╔╝██║██╔══██║██╔══██╗╚██╗ ██╔╝██║██║╚██╗██║
            ██║ ╚═╝ ██║██║  ██║██║  ██║ ╚████╔╝ ██║██║ ╚████║
            ╚═╝     ╚═╝╚═╝  ╚═╝╚═╝  ╚═╝  ╚═══╝  ╚═╝╚═╝  ╚═══╝

     ██╗ ██████╗ ██╗  ██╗ █████╗ ███╗   ██╗███╗   ██╗██╗███╗   ██╗ ██████╗
     ██║██╔═══██╗██║  ██║██╔══██╗████╗  ██║████╗  ██║██║████╗  ██║██╔════╝
     ██║██║   ██║███████║███████║██╔██╗ ██║██╔██╗ ██║██║██╔██╗ ██║██║  ███╗
██   ██║██║   ██║██╔══██║██╔══██║██║╚██╗██║██║╚██╗██║██║██║╚██╗██║██║   ██║
╚█████╔╝╚██████╔╝██║  ██║██║  ██║██║ ╚████║██║ ╚████║██║██║ ╚████║╚██████╔╝
 ╚════╝  ╚═════╝ ╚═╝  ╚═╝╚═╝  ╚═╝╚═╝  ╚═══╝╚═╝  ╚═══╝╚═╝╚═╝  ╚═══╝ ╚═════╝

```
# Welcome to marvinjohanning.de

I am Marvin Johanning, an IT systems administrator, hobbyist wildlife photographer (Beak and Lens Photography), language learner, self-publisher, birder and more! I currently live in Bielefeld, Germany. I am also the administrator of two Fediverse services, namely birds.town (Mastodon) and birdtu.be (PeerTube).

This is my personal website running on Gemini. If you're viewing this website in a regular webbrowser, you are accessing it via an HTTP proxy. For more information about me and the website, scroll down!

# Where you can find me on the web
=> https://beakandlens.com Beak And Lens Photography (my photography website)
=> https://ancient-greek.net Ancient-Greek.net
=> https://birds.town/@mjohanning Mastodon
=> https://birdtu.be/c/marvinjohanning/videos PeerTube
=> https://www.youtube.com/@MarvinJohanning YouTube
=> https://www.instagram.com/beakandlens/ Instagram

# My books
I am a self-publisher of books and have, thus far, published three physical books. You can find more information about them by following one of the links below. They also contain a PDF download. 
=> /books/intricacies.gmi The Intricacies of Ancient Egyptian Hieroglyphics
=> /books/apocalypse.gmi The Apocalypse of John: A Modern Illustrated Translation with Notes and the Original Greek Text
=> /books/revelation.gmi John's Revelation: A Modern Annotated Translation